During this course I will be demonstrating several programs and examples to make things simple and easy
for you.
I will show you how you can easily get all the code in the program files that I will be explaining during
this course.
So first I assume that you have already created your roast workspace and you are ready to create the
roast project that contains the programs of this course.
So let's get started.
So I explained before this project files will be located into our workspace so that we have a cat king
workspace.
So here we have a fresh cut in workspace.
So what we do we open a terminal OK we make sure that our workspace is limited by default.
So this is the case you can write a CD and it will take you to the cutting workspace here.
Then we go to the source finder.
And here we are we are going to add our packages.
So for the moment they don't have any package here.
You may have your own packages so you can add this one.
In addition it is possible all you can have also a fresh box inside.
And have you here now.
So we will get the package from my account manager.
I do have a repository is located in this.
You are right you have to become slush on the school bus so you can hear and then you go to the different
repositories and then you select those essentials CPV that are two different options to get the code.
The simplest one will be to download the zip file
and then open it.
One thing you need to do is to remove the word master because these are the presents of the brush.
So we don't need to have it in the name of the folder and then copy this wonder.
Then you can take it into the source form of your workspace like here.
Now we have all the files here.
However I do not recommend this approach although it's going to work fine and there is another way.
So I'm going to delete this one.
And the other ways to use terminal command with the command line.
So first of all you must make sure that you have your ID installed on your computer if you don't you
can install it easily using sudo.
If we get
install and then install.
So I have it already installed on my computer.
Then in order to get the package we go to the folder again and now it is empty as you can see.
You can click on this link to make a copy of this you're on here and then using the command line you
clone and then copy the Niek over here.
So now it's going to clone means making a copy of the files into your workspace so you can see now it
has been copied again.
Do unless I find the money.
So this approach is better because later on if for example I will make some changes to the repository.
You just need to put again the changes without the need to download the whole package again.
And in any case either the first approach or the second approach will work pretty much fine.
To get the good program files that you need in this course.
So after that you need to change the rules package that you have downloaded compiles and works fine.
In this case you go to the catkin workspace directory and then you can make compile.
So if everything works fine you will have a correct compilation as is the case on my computer here.
OK.
Now if you go to the build directory you will find that the binary is now are located in this directory
and also you have find that here sanctions in the division share directory.
And finally you can open these eyes to your code.
And as usual you drag the project directory into visit's you do code and you will have all the files
so the files will be located here into the RC folder.
So you can see here you as the finder and you have two folders to pick one basic's topic to motion.
So basically here all the tutorials related to publisher subscriber service actually interests are located
in topic one of the tutorials related to the total simplistic application and Mashi are entirely to
wander.
You can open any of the files here.
And also you can enable the integrated terminal so that you can execute your comments from here.
Or Also you can execute them from an extension so you can run from here or from from here.
So here for example I can run.
Let me just caught on these external coalminer and here I'm going to run the target application using
a restaurant the name of the package that's essential and then it'll go to No.
No it's it's working.
So this was an overview on how we can get the code and open it using Visual Studio code in the next
hour I'm going to provide a detailed explanation of the code presented in this package.